config.version=6
global.use_flock=false
profile1.qt.last_path=/home/teamparent
profile1.qt.places.SortColumn=1
profile1.qt.places.SortOrder=0
profile1.qt.settingsdialog.exclude.SortColumn=1
profile1.qt.settingsdialog.exclude.SortOrder=0
profile1.qt.settingsdialog.include.SortColumn=1
profile1.qt.settingsdialog.include.SortOrder=0
profile1.schedule.custom_time=02,12,18
profile1.schedule.day=1
profile1.schedule.mode=19
profile1.schedule.repeatedly.period=1
profile1.schedule.repeatedly.unit=20
profile1.schedule.time=0
profile1.schedule.weekday=7
profile1.snapshots.backup_on_restore.enabled=true
profile1.snapshots.bwlimit.enabled=false
profile1.snapshots.bwlimit.value=3000
profile1.snapshots.check_for_changes=true
profile1.snapshots.continue_on_errors=true
profile1.snapshots.copy_links=false
profile1.snapshots.copy_unsafe_links=false
profile1.snapshots.cron.ionice=true
profile1.snapshots.cron.nice=true
profile1.snapshots.cron.redirect_stderr=false
profile1.snapshots.cron.redirect_stdout=true
profile1.snapshots.dont_remove_named_snapshots=true
profile1.snapshots.exclude.1.value=.gvfs
profile1.snapshots.exclude.2.value=.cache*
profile1.snapshots.exclude.3.value=[Cc]ache*
profile1.snapshots.exclude.4.value=.thumbnails*
profile1.snapshots.exclude.5.value=[Tt]rash*
profile1.snapshots.exclude.6.value=*.backup*
profile1.snapshots.exclude.7.value=*~
profile1.snapshots.exclude.8.value=/home/teamparent/Ubuntu One
profile1.snapshots.exclude.9.value=.dropbox*
profile1.snapshots.exclude.10.value=/proc/*
profile1.snapshots.exclude.11.value=/sys/*
profile1.snapshots.exclude.12.value=/dev/*
profile1.snapshots.exclude.13.value=/run/*
profile1.snapshots.exclude.14.value=/home/teamparent/Pictures/Adobe
profile1.snapshots.exclude.15.value=/home/teamparent/Pictures/Adobe Bridge
profile1.snapshots.exclude.16.value=/home/teamparent/Pictures/Adobe Photoshop
profile1.snapshots.exclude.17.value=/home/teamparent/Pictures/Adobe Photoshop CS2 for Photographers
profile1.snapshots.exclude.18.value=/home/teamparent/Pictures/Backgrounds
profile1.snapshots.exclude.19.value=/home/teamparent/Pictures/iPod Photo Cache
profile1.snapshots.exclude.20.value=/home/teamparent/Pictures/Nikon Capture
profile1.snapshots.exclude.21.value=/home/teamparent/Pictures/Photo Mechanic Cache
profile1.snapshots.exclude.22.value=/home/teamparent/Downloads
profile1.snapshots.exclude.23.value=/home/teamparent/htpc
profile1.snapshots.exclude.24.value=/home/teamparent/orleanscloud
profile1.snapshots.exclude.25.value=/home/teamparent/virtualMachines
profile1.snapshots.exclude.26.value=/home/teamparent/wde2tb
profile1.snapshots.exclude.27.value=/home/teamparent/wde2tbntfs
profile1.snapshots.exclude.28.value=/home/teamparent/xfer_couch
profile1.snapshots.exclude.29.value=/home/teamparent/xfer_couchkid
profile1.snapshots.exclude.30.value=/home/teamparent/xfer_team
profile1.snapshots.exclude.31.value=/home/teamparent/xfer_tot
profile1.snapshots.exclude.32.value=/home/.Trash-0
profile1.snapshots.exclude.33.value=/home/lost+found
profile1.snapshots.exclude.34.value=/home/teamparent/.gconf/apps/gnome-settings
profile1.snapshots.exclude.35.value=/home/teamparent/.config/enchant
profile1.snapshots.exclude.36.value=/home/teamparent/.ring/tp2
profile1.snapshots.exclude.37.value=/home/teamparent/.ring/tp2_home
profile1.snapshots.exclude.38.value=/home/teamparent/WinVm
profile1.snapshots.exclude.39.value=/home/teamparent/xfer_vm
profile1.snapshots.exclude.40.value=/home/teamparent/.config/google-chrome
profile1.snapshots.exclude.41.value=/home/teamparent/.local/bin
profile1.snapshots.exclude.42.value=/home/teamparent/.local/lib
profile1.snapshots.exclude.bysize.enabled=false
profile1.snapshots.exclude.bysize.value=500
profile1.snapshots.exclude.size=42
profile1.snapshots.full_rsync=false
profile1.snapshots.include.1.type=0
profile1.snapshots.include.1.value=/home
profile1.snapshots.include.size=1
profile1.snapshots.local.nocache=false
profile1.snapshots.local.password.save=false
profile1.snapshots.local.password.use_cache=true
profile1.snapshots.local_encfs.path=/media/hdd3tb/teamBackup
profile1.snapshots.log_level=3
profile1.snapshots.min_free_inodes.enabled=true
profile1.snapshots.min_free_inodes.value=2
profile1.snapshots.min_free_space.enabled=true
profile1.snapshots.min_free_space.unit=20
profile1.snapshots.min_free_space.value=1
profile1.snapshots.mode=local
profile1.snapshots.no_on_battery=false
profile1.snapshots.notify.enabled=true
profile1.snapshots.path=/media/hdd3tb/teamBackup
profile1.snapshots.path.auto=true
profile1.snapshots.path.host=teamhome
profile1.snapshots.path.profile=1
profile1.snapshots.path.user=teamparent
profile1.snapshots.preserve_acl=false
profile1.snapshots.preserve_xattr=false
profile1.snapshots.remove_old_snapshots.enabled=true
profile1.snapshots.remove_old_snapshots.unit=80
profile1.snapshots.remove_old_snapshots.value=10
profile1.snapshots.rsync_options.enabled=false
profile1.snapshots.rsync_options.value=
profile1.snapshots.smart_remove=true
profile1.snapshots.smart_remove.keep_all=4
profile1.snapshots.smart_remove.keep_one_per_day=7
profile1.snapshots.smart_remove.keep_one_per_month=24
profile1.snapshots.smart_remove.keep_one_per_week=4
profile1.snapshots.smart_remove.run_remote_in_background=false
profile1.snapshots.ssh.check_commands=true
profile1.snapshots.ssh.check_ping=true
profile1.snapshots.ssh.cipher=default
profile1.snapshots.ssh.host=
profile1.snapshots.ssh.ionice=false
profile1.snapshots.ssh.nice=false
profile1.snapshots.ssh.nocache=false
profile1.snapshots.ssh.path=
profile1.snapshots.ssh.port=22
profile1.snapshots.ssh.prefix.enabled=false
profile1.snapshots.ssh.prefix.value=PATH=/opt/bin:/opt/sbin:\$PATH
profile1.snapshots.ssh.private_key_file=
profile1.snapshots.ssh.user=teamparent
profile1.snapshots.take_snapshot_regardless_of_changes=false
profile1.snapshots.use_checksum=false
profile1.snapshots.user_backup.ionice=false
profile2.name=Backup to Htpc
profile2.qt.last_path=/home/teamparent
profile2.qt.places.SortColumn=1
profile2.qt.places.SortOrder=0
profile2.qt.settingsdialog.exclude.SortColumn=1
profile2.qt.settingsdialog.exclude.SortOrder=0
profile2.qt.settingsdialog.include.SortColumn=1
profile2.qt.settingsdialog.include.SortOrder=0
profile2.schedule.custom_time=03,13,19
profile2.schedule.day=1
profile2.schedule.mode=19
profile2.schedule.repeatedly.period=1
profile2.schedule.repeatedly.unit=20
profile2.schedule.time=0
profile2.schedule.weekday=7
profile2.snapshots.backup_on_restore.enabled=true
profile2.snapshots.bwlimit.enabled=false
profile2.snapshots.bwlimit.value=3000
profile2.snapshots.check_for_changes=true
profile2.snapshots.continue_on_errors=true
profile2.snapshots.copy_links=false
profile2.snapshots.copy_unsafe_links=false
profile2.snapshots.cron.ionice=true
profile2.snapshots.cron.nice=true
profile2.snapshots.cron.redirect_stderr=false
profile2.snapshots.cron.redirect_stdout=true
profile2.snapshots.dont_remove_named_snapshots=true
profile2.snapshots.exclude.1.value=.gvfs
profile2.snapshots.exclude.2.value=.cache*
profile2.snapshots.exclude.3.value=[Cc]ache*
profile2.snapshots.exclude.4.value=.thumbnails*
profile2.snapshots.exclude.5.value=[Tt]rash*
profile2.snapshots.exclude.6.value=*.backup*
profile2.snapshots.exclude.7.value=*~
profile2.snapshots.exclude.8.value=/home/teamparent/Ubuntu One
profile2.snapshots.exclude.9.value=.dropbox*
profile2.snapshots.exclude.10.value=/proc/*
profile2.snapshots.exclude.11.value=/sys/*
profile2.snapshots.exclude.12.value=/dev/*
profile2.snapshots.exclude.13.value=/run/*
profile2.snapshots.exclude.14.value=/home/teamparent/Pictures/Adobe
profile2.snapshots.exclude.15.value=/home/teamparent/Pictures/Adobe Bridge
profile2.snapshots.exclude.16.value=/home/teamparent/Pictures/Adobe Photoshop
profile2.snapshots.exclude.17.value=/home/teamparent/Pictures/Adobe Photoshop CS2 for Photographers
profile2.snapshots.exclude.18.value=/home/teamparent/Pictures/Backgrounds
profile2.snapshots.exclude.19.value=/home/teamparent/Pictures/iPod Photo Cache
profile2.snapshots.exclude.20.value=/home/teamparent/Pictures/Nikon Capture
profile2.snapshots.exclude.21.value=/home/teamparent/Pictures/Photo Mechanic Cache
profile2.snapshots.exclude.22.value=/home/teamparent/htpc
profile2.snapshots.exclude.23.value=/home/teamparent/orleanscloud
profile2.snapshots.exclude.24.value=/home/teamparent/virtualMachines
profile2.snapshots.exclude.25.value=/home/teamparent/wde2tb
profile2.snapshots.exclude.26.value=/home/teamparent/wde2tbntfs
profile2.snapshots.exclude.27.value=/home/teamparent/xfer_couch
profile2.snapshots.exclude.28.value=/home/teamparent/xfer_couchkid
profile2.snapshots.exclude.29.value=/home/teamparent/xfer_team
profile2.snapshots.exclude.30.value=/home/teamparent/xfer_tot
profile2.snapshots.exclude.31.value=/home/teamparent/Downloads
profile2.snapshots.exclude.32.value=/home/.Trash-0
profile2.snapshots.exclude.33.value=/home/lost+found
profile2.snapshots.exclude.34.value=/home/teamparent/.gconf/apps/gnome-settings
profile2.snapshots.exclude.35.value=/home/teamparent/.config/enchant
profile2.snapshots.exclude.36.value=/home/teamparent/.ring/tp2
profile2.snapshots.exclude.37.value=/home/teamparent/.ring/tp2_home
profile2.snapshots.exclude.38.value=/home/teamparent/WinVm
profile2.snapshots.exclude.39.value=/home/teamparent/xfer_vm
profile2.snapshots.exclude.40.value=/home/teamparent/.config/google-chrome
profile2.snapshots.exclude.41.value=/home/teamparent/.local/bin
profile2.snapshots.exclude.42.value=/home/teamparent/.local/lib
profile2.snapshots.exclude.bysize.enabled=false
profile2.snapshots.exclude.bysize.value=500
profile2.snapshots.exclude.size=42
profile2.snapshots.full_rsync=false
profile2.snapshots.include.1.type=0
profile2.snapshots.include.1.value=/home
profile2.snapshots.include.size=1
profile2.snapshots.local.nocache=false
profile2.snapshots.local.password.save=false
profile2.snapshots.local.password.use_cache=true
profile2.snapshots.local_encfs.path=/nfsmnt/teamBackup
profile2.snapshots.log_level=3
profile2.snapshots.min_free_inodes.enabled=true
profile2.snapshots.min_free_inodes.value=2
profile2.snapshots.min_free_space.enabled=true
profile2.snapshots.min_free_space.unit=20
profile2.snapshots.min_free_space.value=1
profile2.snapshots.mode=local
profile2.snapshots.no_on_battery=false
profile2.snapshots.notify.enabled=true
profile2.snapshots.path=/nfsmnt/teamBackup
profile2.snapshots.path.auto=true
profile2.snapshots.path.host=teamhome
profile2.snapshots.path.profile=2
profile2.snapshots.path.user=teamparent
profile2.snapshots.preserve_acl=false
profile2.snapshots.preserve_xattr=false
profile2.snapshots.remove_old_snapshots.enabled=true
profile2.snapshots.remove_old_snapshots.unit=80
profile2.snapshots.remove_old_snapshots.value=10
profile2.snapshots.rsync_options.enabled=false
profile2.snapshots.rsync_options.value=
profile2.snapshots.smart_remove=true
profile2.snapshots.smart_remove.keep_all=4
profile2.snapshots.smart_remove.keep_one_per_day=7
profile2.snapshots.smart_remove.keep_one_per_month=24
profile2.snapshots.smart_remove.keep_one_per_week=4
profile2.snapshots.smart_remove.run_remote_in_background=false
profile2.snapshots.ssh.check_commands=true
profile2.snapshots.ssh.check_ping=true
profile2.snapshots.ssh.cipher=default
profile2.snapshots.ssh.host=
profile2.snapshots.ssh.ionice=false
profile2.snapshots.ssh.nice=false
profile2.snapshots.ssh.nocache=false
profile2.snapshots.ssh.path=
profile2.snapshots.ssh.port=22
profile2.snapshots.ssh.prefix.enabled=false
profile2.snapshots.ssh.prefix.value=PATH=/opt/bin:/opt/sbin:\$PATH
profile2.snapshots.ssh.private_key_file=
profile2.snapshots.ssh.user=teamparent
profile2.snapshots.take_snapshot_regardless_of_changes=false
profile2.snapshots.use_checksum=false
profile2.snapshots.user_backup.ionice=false
profile5.name=OrleansCloud
profile5.qt.last_path=/home/teamparent
profile5.qt.places.SortColumn=1
profile5.qt.places.SortOrder=0
profile5.qt.settingsdialog.exclude.SortColumn=1
profile5.qt.settingsdialog.exclude.SortOrder=0
profile5.qt.settingsdialog.include.SortColumn=1
profile5.qt.settingsdialog.include.SortOrder=0
profile5.schedule.custom_time=01
profile5.schedule.day=1
profile5.schedule.mode=19
profile5.schedule.repeatedly.period=1
profile5.schedule.repeatedly.unit=20
profile5.schedule.time=0
profile5.schedule.weekday=7
profile5.snapshots.backup_on_restore.enabled=true
profile5.snapshots.bwlimit.enabled=true
profile5.snapshots.bwlimit.value=380
profile5.snapshots.check_for_changes=true
profile5.snapshots.continue_on_errors=true
profile5.snapshots.copy_links=false
profile5.snapshots.copy_unsafe_links=false
profile5.snapshots.cron.ionice=true
profile5.snapshots.cron.nice=true
profile5.snapshots.cron.redirect_stderr=false
profile5.snapshots.cron.redirect_stdout=true
profile5.snapshots.dont_remove_named_snapshots=true
profile5.snapshots.exclude.1.value=.gvfs
profile5.snapshots.exclude.2.value=.cache/*
profile5.snapshots.exclude.3.value=.thumbnails*
profile5.snapshots.exclude.4.value=[Tt]rash*
profile5.snapshots.exclude.5.value=*.backup*
profile5.snapshots.exclude.6.value=*~
profile5.snapshots.exclude.7.value=.dropbox*
profile5.snapshots.exclude.8.value=/proc/*
profile5.snapshots.exclude.9.value=/sys/*
profile5.snapshots.exclude.10.value=/dev/*
profile5.snapshots.exclude.11.value=/run/*
profile5.snapshots.exclude.12.value=/etc/mtab
profile5.snapshots.exclude.13.value=/var/cache/apt/archives/*.deb
profile5.snapshots.exclude.14.value=lost+found/*
profile5.snapshots.exclude.15.value=/tmp/*
profile5.snapshots.exclude.16.value=/var/tmp/*
profile5.snapshots.exclude.17.value=/var/backups/*
profile5.snapshots.exclude.18.value=.Private
profile5.snapshots.exclude.19.value=/home/teamparent/.config/enchant
profile5.snapshots.exclude.20.value=/home/teamparent/htpc
profile5.snapshots.exclude.21.value=/home/teamparent/orleanscloud
profile5.snapshots.exclude.22.value=/home/teamparent/virtualMachines
profile5.snapshots.exclude.23.value=/home/teamparent/wde2tb
profile5.snapshots.exclude.24.value=/home/teamparent/wde2tbntfs
profile5.snapshots.exclude.25.value=/home/teamparent/xfer_couch
profile5.snapshots.exclude.26.value=/home/teamparent/xfer_team
profile5.snapshots.exclude.27.value=/home/teamparent/xfer_couchkid
profile5.snapshots.exclude.28.value=/home/teamparent/xfer_tot
profile5.snapshots.exclude.29.value=/home/teamparent/Pictures/Adobe
profile5.snapshots.exclude.30.value=/home/teamparent/Pictures/Adobe Bridge
profile5.snapshots.exclude.31.value=/home/teamparent/Pictures/Adobe Photoshop CS2 for Photographers
profile5.snapshots.exclude.32.value=/home/teamparent/Pictures/Adobe Photoshop
profile5.snapshots.exclude.33.value=/home/teamparent/Pictures/digikamData
profile5.snapshots.exclude.34.value=/home/teamparent/Pictures/iPod Photo Cache
profile5.snapshots.exclude.35.value=/home/teamparent/Pictures/Nikon Capture
profile5.snapshots.exclude.36.value=/home/teamparent/.ring/tp2
profile5.snapshots.exclude.37.value=/home/teamparent/.ring/tp2_home
profile5.snapshots.exclude.38.value=/home/teamparent/.gconf/apps/gnome-settings
profile5.snapshots.exclude.39.value=/home/teamparent/.local/share/backintime
profile5.snapshots.exclude.40.value=/home/teamparent/Downloads
profile5.snapshots.exclude.41.value=/home/teamparent/WinVm
profile5.snapshots.exclude.42.value=/home/teamparent/xfer_vm
profile5.snapshots.exclude.43.value=/home/teamparent/.thunderbird
profile5.snapshots.exclude.44.value=/home/teamparent/.config/google-chrome
profile5.snapshots.exclude.45.value=/home/teamparent/.local/bin
profile5.snapshots.exclude.46.value=/home/teamparent/.local/lib
profile5.snapshots.exclude.bysize.enabled=false
profile5.snapshots.exclude.bysize.value=500
profile5.snapshots.exclude.size=46
profile5.snapshots.full_rsync=false
profile5.snapshots.gnu_find_suffix_support=true
profile5.snapshots.include.1.type=0
profile5.snapshots.include.1.value=/home/teamparent
profile5.snapshots.include.size=1
profile5.snapshots.local.nocache=false
profile5.snapshots.local_encfs.path=
profile5.snapshots.log_level=3
profile5.snapshots.min_free_inodes.enabled=true
profile5.snapshots.min_free_inodes.value=2
profile5.snapshots.min_free_space.enabled=true
profile5.snapshots.min_free_space.unit=20
profile5.snapshots.min_free_space.value=1
profile5.snapshots.mode=ssh
profile5.snapshots.no_on_battery=false
profile5.snapshots.notify.enabled=false
profile5.snapshots.path.host=teamhome
profile5.snapshots.path.profile=5
profile5.snapshots.path.user=teamparent
profile5.snapshots.preserve_acl=false
profile5.snapshots.preserve_xattr=false
profile5.snapshots.remove_old_snapshots.enabled=true
profile5.snapshots.remove_old_snapshots.unit=80
profile5.snapshots.remove_old_snapshots.value=10
profile5.snapshots.rsync_options.enabled=false
profile5.snapshots.rsync_options.value=
profile5.snapshots.smart_remove=true
profile5.snapshots.smart_remove.keep_all=4
profile5.snapshots.smart_remove.keep_one_per_day=7
profile5.snapshots.smart_remove.keep_one_per_month=24
profile5.snapshots.smart_remove.keep_one_per_week=4
profile5.snapshots.smart_remove.run_remote_in_background=false
profile5.snapshots.ssh.check_commands=true
profile5.snapshots.ssh.check_ping=true
profile5.snapshots.ssh.cipher=aes256-ctr
profile5.snapshots.ssh.host=mediaorleans.deaftone.com
profile5.snapshots.ssh.ionice=false
profile5.snapshots.ssh.nice=false
profile5.snapshots.ssh.nocache=false
profile5.snapshots.ssh.password.save=true
profile5.snapshots.ssh.password.use_cache=true
profile5.snapshots.ssh.path=/home/teamparent/orleanscloud
profile5.snapshots.ssh.port=9033
profile5.snapshots.ssh.prefix.enabled=false
profile5.snapshots.ssh.prefix.value=PATH=/opt/bin:/opt/sbin:\$PATH
profile5.snapshots.ssh.private_key_file=/home/teamparent/.ring/tp2
profile5.snapshots.ssh.user=teamparent
profile5.snapshots.take_snapshot_regardless_of_changes=false
profile5.snapshots.use_checksum=false
profile5.snapshots.user_backup.ionice=false
profiles=1:2:5
profiles.version=1
qt.last_path=/home/teamparent
qt.logview.height=500
qt.logview.width=800
qt.main_window.files_view.date_width=100
qt.main_window.files_view.name_width=399
qt.main_window.files_view.size_width=100
qt.main_window.files_view.sort.ascending=true
qt.main_window.files_view.sort.column=0
qt.main_window.height=974
qt.main_window.main_splitter_left_w=318
qt.main_window.main_splitter_right_w=954
qt.main_window.second_splitter_left_w=311
qt.main_window.second_splitter_right_w=620
qt.main_window.width=1278
qt.main_window.x=-9
qt.main_window.y=-8
qt.show_hidden_files=true
